DOCS-9386-DOCS-10699-kbMigration-duke (#1888)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-cookbook-remove-objects.adoc

= Remove Objects Containing Specified Key-Value Pairs
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: studio, anypoint, transform, transformer, format, aggregate, rename, split, filter convert, xml, json, csv, pojo, java object, metadata, dataweave, data weave, datamapper, dwl, dfl, dw, output structure, input structure, map, mapping

This DataWeave example removes all objects that contain a set of key-value pairs from an array of objects.
//LINK TO DW 1.0 EXAMPLES:
include::partial$dataweave1-links.adoc[tag=dataweave1Examples]

This example uses the following functions:

> * `filter` iterates over objects within an input array to return an object that matches the result of an expression. Each object the input array contains a set of key-value pairs. The expression uses the `contains` function and the `not` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `filter` iterates over the objects within the input array to return an array with the objects that return `true` as the result of an expression. Each object in the input array contains a set of key-value pairs. The expression uses the `contains` function and the `not` operator.
```
